To have grown to such strength
You want to fight me?
Locals don't bother to fight with you
You are not a fairy of the earth
you
It's heaven and earth
Ah!
Ah, bugs!
Bracelet brother I'm afraid
he he
He he died
Afraid of what?
Could it be
You are also afraid of this
No, Brother Shoucheng, please take it away
You take it away, you take it away
This is really dead
Oh, dear.
I didn't expect it to be really a no-tribute spirit.
Oh, thank you, Zhang Shoucheng
Fortunately, you are here.
Otherwise we're really going to die
Brother Shoucheng
How can you be so powerful?
Who the hell are you?
Yes, Zhang Shoucheng, this monster is so powerful
How can you beat him?
And I heard him call you Heaven and Earth
What the hell is going on?
Uh this
You mortals don't know
You Zhang Shoucheng
Do you really think of yourself as heaven and earth?
If you were in heaven and earth, I would have gone to heaven long ago
Still follow us
Maybe it makes the mysterious magic law
But I always feel that Zhang Shoucheng
It's not that simple.
Hongyuan Shizu Dao
Hongyan Shizu must have felt the breath of the monster
Come to subdue the demon
Oops, Hongyan Shizu
Are you here to subdue demons?
Mr. Zhang is here
The old man is relieved
I do it too
What is Zhang Shoucheng's background?
How can he subdue the demon?
The secret cannot be revealed
Just Mr. Zhang
This centipede spirit and spider spirit
It was my Heavenly Clothes Sect Patriarch who sealed the monster
The border has loosened in recent years
This allowed Sun Guo to take advantage of the loophole
Now these two monsters are dead
I'm afraid this evil spirit still exists
I don't know if I can keep my Tianyi
It is also good to have your enchantment suppress it.
I don't worry either.